i want to thank you for coming
to visit us in uh not so sunny in los
angeles today it's been raining now for
two days here
it rained yesterday and then the
unthinkable habit it rained again today
this is not what i signed up for when i
moved here who can we sue for this it's
outrageous
i'm thinking about suing the sky for
this but
speaking this guy today is an
interesting day today is the 10th
anniversary
of the miracle on the hudson ten years
ago today captain sully sullenberger
made an emergency landing
on the hudson river and saved the lives
of everyone on board the plane you know
if this had happened today
you know trump would have declared war
on canada
claiming their geese attacked an
american plane right but
members of the coast guard who helped
rescue all 150 passengers from the icy
river that day probably never imagined
that 10 years later
the host of celebrity apprentice would
be forcing them to have a garage sale to
pay their rent because of the shutdown
this is now day 25 of the longest
government shutdown
we've ever had there's still no end in
sight we've been trying to do a little
something
to help those who aren't getting
paychecks so every night we've been
giving jobs here at the show
to one of the nearly 800 000 federal
workers who are out of federal work and
tonight
we're giving jobs to two federal workers
in fact they are a married couple
let's meet them now please welcome
michelle
and fernando varaza hi guys
[Applause]
[Music]
how are you so tell everyone here where
you work
or worked i guess uh we work for the irs
as customer service representatives irs
customer service
yeah suddenly they're happy you're out
of work
when you work for the irs do you get a
discount on your taxes or you pay full
you go full yeah yeah you file a joint
return is that wise
yes it is right okay very good now so if
you aren't at work does this mean
fewer people are getting audited by the
irs
i'm not able to answer that
are you able to answer this do you have
any dependents children yes yes you have
two children right
yes and i heard that you guys were
planning to go to disneyland you live up
in fresno
but now you have to use the money
because you're not getting paid anymore
so we work for disney so
we called the disneyland resort here in
california and they are giving you
tickets to both their parks
disneyland resort here in california so
well
[Music]
so there you go but this we're also
going to give you
a job tonight this is not a handout
situation you have to work for this
okay all right so ted danson is on the
show tonight and
one of america's most beloved actors but
this is very sad
ted danson doesn't have an entourage he
has no
people and so and oh there's god right
there
hi ted thank you so ted
why don't you're a big star why don't
you have an entourage
uh i've always wanted one i just could
never find the right people
well great news i got the right people
for you right here
michelle and fernando so michelle
go with ted follow him around everywhere
he goes and agree with everything he
says okay
right you can't do that yeah can we go
outside
i just love it when it rains we do too
oh perfect
perfect oh there you go all right
you see that
everybody wins everybody's the winner
here
uh uh jimmy sorry i just want to say
hello to guillermo oh say hello yeah
sure i love
guillermo we love guillermo too
[Applause]
thank you thank you okay
open the door for me open the door yeah
yes open the door for ted yes
there you go that's how it goes perfect
you know one real negative effect of the
shutdown is long lines at the airport
an increasing number of tsa workers have
been calling in sick in fact
more than twice as many tsa workers as
usual missed their shifts yesterday
opting to stay home and frisk their
families instead i guess but this
this is the line at the airport in
atlanta yesterday and
somebody shot this video and posted
online this isn't even the tsa line this
is the line before the tsa line
you see it's so long it goes all the way
through the airport
um goes outside into the desert
you see it stretches all the way to
india
okay so this is a real
this is a real inconvenience but you
know what i'm worried about i'm worried
about when the shutdown is over and
these tsa
agents come back to work extra fired up
to search us because they haven't done
it in a while
you got to protect your cavities folks
and while you know the federal workers
are going well hey donald trump
made history today donald trump today
became the first u.s
president ever to congratulate himself
on placing a fast food order
he tweeted great being with the national
champion clemson tigers last night at
the white house
because of the shutdown i served the
massive amounts of fast food
i paid over 1 000
hamburgers etc within one hour it's all
gone great guys and big eaters that's
right
hamburgers is what our president how
does that happen
the e and the u aren't even near each
other on the keyboard
it's like in the middle of tweeting he
had a stroke or something
or is it possible he thought they were
called hamburgers until today
he took the tweet down and corrected it
but not before he got trolled by
among other people burger king tweeted
due to a large order place yesterday
we're all out of hamburgers
just serving hamburgers today that's um
well that's trouble that's
prepare your burger kingdom for a siege
put the tweet up again for a second
because
i'm not sure what i love most about this
the fact that he wrote hamburgers or the
fact that he brags
i paid like a new step dad trying to be
cool with the kids
by the way the tweet this tweet said it
was over a thousand hamburgers but a
source inside the white house
claims the number of burgers was much
lower than that
we have pizzas we have 300 hamburgers
300 hamburgers
it's um he has to lie about everything
he can't help it
or maybe he ate the other 700 hamburgers
himself but
you know the oscar nominations don't
come out until next week but as far as
i'm concerned we already have the winner
for best picture
this to me is the best picture of the
year
i mean look at he is that
happiest he's been since kim kardashian
visited this is the image you see when
you take off your blindfold in bird box
it looks like he's a super villain who
set up a trap to capture himself
but in fairness to the president with
all he's got going on you can't expect
them to know how to spell hamburgers
it's a hard word to spell
it's one of the hardest words to spell
there is in fact we went on the street
this afternoon to see if we can find
anyone
who could spell it
[Music]
hey there spell hamburgers
capital h lowercase a
m b u r g e
r s hamburgers
h h-a-m-b-u-r-g-e-r-s
h-a-m-b-u-r-g-e-r-s
[Music]
h-a-n
no h-a-m-b-u-r-g-e-r-s
h-a-m-b-u-r-g-e-r-s
hamburgers okay h-a-m-b-u
g-e-u-e-r-s
that was worse are you serious
h-a-m-b-u-r-g-e-r-s
picture a hamburger in your head that's
what i'm doing h-a-m-b-u
no e-r-g-u-e-r-s
nope nowhere close h-a-m-b-u-r-g-e-r-s
[Music]
h-a-m-b-u
h-a-m
b-u-r-g-u-e-r-s
no
g h-a-m-b-u-r-g-e r s just start from
the top
okay h a m
b
u
[Music]
how about hot dog oh a hot dog is an
easy one
h-o-t-d-o-g
all right close enough
meanwhile in the senate is day one of uh
the two-day confirmation hearings for
william barr who is the president's
choice for attorney general
during the hearing barr promised that
his allegiance
will be to the rule of law the
constitution and the american people he
said bob mueller
should be allowed to complete his work
and that he would not let personal
political or other improper interests
influence his decisions
about the russia investigation so give
it what six weeks before
trump lets him go i don't know i have to
say i wish
i really wish i could have seen because
the president picked this guy so
i wish i could have seen his reaction to
this would you say you have a close
relationship with mr mueller
i would say we were good friends would
you say
uh that you understand him to be a
fair-minded
person absolutely do you trust him to be
fair to the president and the country as
a whole
yes when his report comes to you will
you share it with us as much as possible
consistent with the regulations and the
law yes
do you believe mr mueller would be
involved in a witch hunt against anybody
i don't i don't believe mr mueller would
would uh be involved in a witch hunt
well we'll see i guess all we know for
sure is that in the movie he will be
played by john goodman
for sure william barr is an interesting
guy you know over the summer he wrote a
memo unsolicited to the deputy attorney
general rod rosenstein
sharply criticizing the mueller
investigation and now we find out
he's a close personal friend of robert
mueller's robert mueller even goes to
their family weddings
so what do we make of that i have a
theory now
follow me on this what if back when it
was obvious trump was going to fire jeff
sessions mueller went to his buddy
bill barr and said hey listen if i'm
gonna bring down this trump crime family
i need an attorney general i can count
on so
you write a memo send it to rosenstein
and really let me have it say anything
you want about me
now he'll show it to the president the
president will nominate you
and we'll nail this guy and i know this
sounds crazy
but if i told you the president thought
it was hamburgers you'd think that was
crazy too right
if you liked that video then put a ring
on it click the subscribe button below
oh